Production OTA: Add link for offline keys (requirement) and reason for motivation to do static deltas (#610)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/ota/production-targets.rst

Performing a Production OTA
---------------------------

.. important::

   Before performing a Production OTA, ensure you have the `targets.key.tgz` in your
   possession. This key is crucial for the operation and should be provided by the Factory admin.

>    For a deeper understanding of how this key is generated, refer to :ref:`ref-offline-keys`.

Author: It is addressed so I am closing this one.
However, if you see fit please feel free to re-open

Performing a Production OTA
---------------------------

> .. note::
>     The process for performing a Production OTA needs the :ref:`ref-offline-keys` (``targets.key.tgz``) which will be used to sign production targets.
> 
> A user should define a process to select CI builds which need to be delivered to production devices.
> Let's assume a user selected a CI build version 42 as ready to be run in production.
> To start the production release process, a user would create a new wave using the below command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer should define a process to select CI builds which need to be delivered to production devices.
Every user performing production OTAs should generate their personal :ref:`offline TUF targets key <ref-offline-keys>` used to sign production targets.
Let's assume a user selected a CI build version 42 as ready to be run in production.
To start the production release process, a user would create a new wave using the below command::
```

An idea is this:
- in the past the text only told that a user needs to define the release process.
- now, you made a valid point about the prerequisite for a user to generate the targets key.
- we need to organically combine these two sentences into the whole.

In essence:
- the process requirement goes from the customer as an organization; so I changed that sentence.
- the key requirement goes to _every_ user performing production OTAs.
- furthermore, it is important to not only generate that key, but also that every such user has their _personal_ key.

This creates a new TUF targets role version for production devices which listen to OTA updates for the ``production`` tag.
That TUF targets role only includes a single Target from CI build (in above example, that target version is 42).

> .. important::

Author: It is addressed so I am closing this one.
However, if you see fit please feel free to re-open

   We recommend that a user generates :ref:`OSTree static deltas<ref-static-deltas>` before rolling out waves to devices.

>    Static Deltas will optimize your OTA update download.

Author: As I read I just checked "we recommend X"
But it is missing why. I would like to have this info before deciding not to click on the link.
So, just saying use `OSTree static deltas` does not clarify why.

>    Static Deltas will optimize your OTA update download.

Reviewer: There are two perspectives here:
- if a user cares what we recommend, or plans to use static deltas anyway - they would go and read.
- if a user does not care - there is no text that would motivate them to follow that link.

So, we made a recommedation; we also remind about it when the user creates a wave.
There is nothing more we can do, and nothing more we should do.

Conciseness is a tool that must be mastered and used in everyday life.
I feel like I always create _too wordy docs_; and you propose to make them even _wordier_.

Just think about that.

>    Static Deltas will optimize your OTA update download.

Author: Certainly! Here's a revised version of what you wrote:

In my humble opinion (IMHO), it's not just about what we recommend. If you tell me, "I recommend 'A' because it will benefit you in 'Y' way," then I might take it seriously. Otherwise, the information might just be overlooked.

I believe it's much more appealing when we highlight the end goal or the "why" behind our recommendations rather than relying solely on technical jargon because it has so many and is hard to have the appetize to click on every note to try to understand each term to see if I want one day or not check that.

On top of that, if I am following the doc for the first time (we link it in the portal) I will know that I am doing the weave but have something that I should look after because will optimize my update.

>    Static Deltas will optimize your OTA update download.

Reviewer: Maybe this can be a good compromise:
```suggestion
We recommend that a user generates :ref:`OSTree static deltas<ref-static-deltas>` to optimize the OTA update download, before rolling out waves to devices.
```
Although (as a user) I would hardly understand what the _optimize the OTA update download_ means.
But, maybe, that misunderstanding would add `1%` chance to their desire to follow the link, so these 6 extra words are not wasted.

Just let @kprosise check the grammar.

>    Static Deltas will optimize your OTA update download.

Author: It is addressed so I am closing this one.
However, if you see fit please feel free to re-open

.. note::

   If you encounter issues while creating the weave, particularly the following error:

   .. code-block:: shell

       409 CONFLICT
       = Conflict: /ota/repo/qemu/api/v1/user_repo/root/updates?
       = Only one TUF root updates transaction can be active at a time

   It indicates a conflict with an active TUF root update.
   The Factory admin might able to sort it out by running ``fioctl keys tuf updates cancel``.

>    After that, it is possible generate a new ``targets.key.tgz``.

Author: @kprosise @angolini have you any idea where/how to provide the info?

>    After that, it is possible generate a new ``targets.key.tgz``.

Reviewer 2: I can understand the point. And I think I agree.
I think he is pointing here https://docs.foundries.io/latest/user-guide/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.html

@vkhoroz, do you think a link in this current page is needed or only the new entre for FAQ?

>    After that, it is possible generate a new ``targets.key.tgz``.

Reviewer 2: Ideally, the FAQ could be an `.inc` file we gather under a FAQ folder and include in all needed places as reference. But we are not there yet, and I don't think we have already a clear goal for the FAQ pages.

>    After that, it is possible generate a new ``targets.key.tgz``.

Author: Great! I believe sticking to the note approach is best, as it's the method we've consistently used in various settings, don't you think?

>    After that, it is possible generate a new ``targets.key.tgz``.

Reviewer: @angolini if you find this content to be a valuable FAQ - then we may add it to that list (thanks for the link).

As for this page, that would be too distracting IMHO.
There can happen 100500 different errors; we should not pollute every reference manual page with all of them.
